− Mr. Pawan Kumar - General Manager (Performance, Planning and Review), State
Bank of India
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am Pawan Kumar, General Manager, performance,
planning, and review department of the Bank. On behalf of the State Bank of India, I am
delighted to welcome the analysts, investors, colleagues, and everyone present here today on
the occasion of the declaration of the FY25 results of the Bank. I also extend a very warm
welcome to all the people who are accessing the event through our live webcast. We have with
us on the stage our Chairman, Shri C S Setty at the center, our Managing Director - Corporate
Banking and Subsidiaries, Shri Ashwini Kumar Tewari, our Managing Director - Retail Business
and Operation, Shri Vinay M Tonse, our Managing Director - Risk Compliance and SARG, Shri
Rana Ashutosh Kumar Singh, our Managing Director - International Banking, Global Market and
Technology, Shri Rama Mohan Rao Amara, our Deputy Managing Director - Finance, Smt.
Saloni Narayan, our Deputy Managing Directors heading various verticals and Managing
Directors of our subsidiaries are seated in the front rows of this hall. We are also joined by Chief
General Managers of different vertical and business groups.
To carry forward the proceeding, I request our Chairman sir, to give a brief summary of the
Bank's FY25 performance and the strategic initiatives undertaken. We shall thereafter straight
away go to Q&A session. However, before I hand over to the Chairman sir, I would like to read
out the Safe Harbor statement.
Certain statements in today's presentation may be forward-looking statements. These
statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and
changes in circumstances. Actual outcomes may differ materially from those included in these
statements due to a variety of factors.
Thank you. Now, I would request Chairman sir to make his opening remarks. Chairman sir,
please.
− Mr. C S Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India
So, good evening, ladies and gentlemen. We thank you all for taking some time out to join this
analyst meet post announcement of FY25 results of the Bank. The financial results for FY25
highlight continuity, consistency, profitability, and SBI’s significant long-term strengths.
At the outset, I would like to thank all of our stakeholders for their support and helping us in
creating sustainable value not only for the bank, but also for the economy as a whole. Over the
years, SBI has remained focused on strengthening the key components that contribute to this
sustainable value. We have prioritized our liability franchise, refined our processes, continued
to improve our underwriting standards, and aim to deliver value to all stakeholders while
positioning ourselves as a reliable financial services brand.
I will first start with a brief description of the present global and domestic economic scenario and
then discuss bank performance.
Escalation of trade and tariff tensions and the resultant financial market volatility have raised
concerns regarding the weakening of global growth in the near term. As per IMF, the estimated
global growth is projected to drop to 2.8% in 2025 and 3% in 2026, much below the historical
(2000 to 2019) average of 3.7%. As per the WTO, world merchandise trade volumes could
expand marginally by around 1.7% in 2025.
The dampening global economic outlook could impact India's economic growth through weaker
external demand even though the domestic growth engines, viz., consumption and investment,
are relatively less susceptible to external headwinds. Prospects for the farm sector have been
boosted by the forecast of an above normal southwest monsoon for 2025, which could augment
farm incomes and keep food prices under check. Given the exacerbated uncertainties due to
recent trade tariffs, RBI has reduced its real GDP growth projection for FY26 by 20 bps to 6.3%
in the April policy.
Separately, India's CPI headline inflation has now significantly moderated, and we believe
average CPI headline forecast for FY26 could stay below 4% now.
During FY25, ASCBs credit growth declined to 11%, which was 20% last year and deposits to
10.3%, which was 13.5% last year. Term deposits’ growth continued to outpace growth in
savings deposits. Consequently, the share of term deposits in total deposits rose to about 62%.
CASA declined to below 40%. Asset quality of SCBs improved further with their GNPA ratios
declining to a 14-year low of 2.4% in December 2024. CRAR stood at 16.4% in December,
which was much higher than the regulatory minimum ratio.
RBI has deployed a strategic mix of interventions, including open market operations, daily
variable rate repo auctions, and dollar/rupee buy-sell swap auctions. These proactive measures
have helped stabilize market liquidity conditions, ensuring financial resilience in an
unpredictable global environment.
Coming to SBI, once again, the results for FY25 demonstrate the Bank's ability to operate
profitably at scale, due to our substantial long-term strengths. These advantages stem from our
institutionalized framework, which is guided by structured processes and a commitment to
fairness for all stakeholders.
The net profit for the year was ₹70,901 crores, up 16.08% YoY. At the end of the year, our
whole bank credit growth was 12% YoY with domestic credit growth at 11.56%. Deposit growth
was 9.48% YoY, while the CD ratio (domestic) was 69.71%. We maintained stellar asset quality
with slippage ratio of 0.55%, retail personal slippage ratio at 0.48% and credit cost at 0.38%.
PCR was at 74.42%.
Some details about these numbers - The total deposits have grown by 9.48% YoY to ₹53.82
trillion. As I mentioned, term deposits have witnessed robust growth. They have grown by
11.48% YoY. Our current account deposits have grown by 27.02% YoY and CASA deposits
have grown overall by 6.34% YoY, and CASA ratio was close to 40%. Importantly, the current
account growth has continued to remain strong for the Bank during the year despite competitive
market environment.
The credit growth continues to be good across all segments. Our domestic advances have
grown by 11.56% YoY, driven by 16.86% growth in SME, 14.29% in agriculture, 9% in corporate,
and 11.4% in retail personal segments.
Our foreign offices’ advances have grown by 14.84% YoY. The domestic credit deposit ratio is
69.71%, indicating sufficient headroom to address future growth requirements of the economy.
The bank continues to demonstrate industry-leading asset quality at this scale. The slippage
ratio for FY25, as I mentioned earlier, was 0.55% while the credit cost stood at 0.38%. The net
NPA ratio improved by 10 bps YoY. We have a well-provided NPA book with PCR at 74.42%.
The asset quality of the Bank has continued to remain strong over the last five years, which
demonstrates the quality of our loan portfolio, the robustness of our underwriting processes,
effective collection efficiency, and the leadership of the Bank across business lines.
Our capital adequacy ratio is at 14.25% and the CET 1 ratio is at 10.81% and are well above
the regulatory requirements. Based on the current profitability and growth profile of the Bank,
we believe we have sufficient headroom to take care of business growth requirements.
I am glad to share the progress we have made in digital banking, which is an ongoing journey.
More than 8.77 crore customers have been registered on YONO with 64% of regular savings
bank accounts opened through YONO in FY25.
Our subsidiaries are consistently performing well and continue to create significant value for all
the stakeholders. We will continue to nurture these subsidiaries and maintain leadership position
in the respective businesses.
We are glad to advise that the Bank continues to report RoA and RoE greater than 1% and 19%
respectively at the end of FY25. A key point regarding these metrics is our operation at a
substantial scale. We reported total assets worth ₹66.76 lakh crores, total advances at ₹42.20
lakh crores and total deposits amounting to ₹53.82 lakh crores. When we mention scale, it
indicates the Bank's extensive investment in workforce training, procedures, and compliance to
maintain this level. Sustaining our growth rates implies that our Bank’s infrastructure and
personnel are equipped to support continued growth at this magnitude. SBI continues to be the
leader in all the risk adjusted profitable lending and liability pools in India. Consequently, SBI's
RoA above 1% is derived from the scalable fundamentals of banking - a stable NIM, controlled
operating expenses, and maintaining credit quality.
While we are happy about the outcomes in FY25, we are also mindful of areas for further
improvement and also challenges emerging from various developments taking place across the
globe which may impact Indian economy. On the liability side, we continue to focus on
increasing our share in current accounts, while maintaining our leadership position in savings
deposits by further strengthening our customer service and branch network. Although the
Bank's cost base is substantial, it highlights our commitment to compliance and efficient
operations. We intend to reduce our cost-to-income ratio by concentrating on increasing income.
The Bank’s RoE profile is currently higher than its credit growth, implying CET 1 accrual in the
future. From this strong position, our goal is to consistently achieve RoE over 15% through the
business cycles.
The board has granted approval to raise equity capital up to ₹25,000 cores, with the
authorization being valid for a period of 12 months. This is an enabling resolution. Although we
are open to capital raising, such plans will be contingent upon the business needs and market
conditions.
Wrapping up my initial comments, I express my gratitude for your ongoing support to the Bank.
As the Bank advances its objectives, it also plays a role in driving the progress and economic
development of the surrounding ecosystem. We are dedicated to upholding your confidence in
us by delivering superior, sustainable returns over the long run.
My team and I are now open to taking your question. Thank you very much.
− Mr. Pawan Kumar - General Manager (Performance, Planning and Review), State
Bank of India
Thank you, Chairman, Sir. We now invite questions from the audience. For the benefit of all,
we request you to kindly mention your name and company before asking the question. To accommodate all the questions, we request you to restrict your questions to maximum two at a
time. Also kindly restrict your questions to the financial results only and no questions be asked
about specific accounts please. In case you have additional questions, the same can be asked
at the end. We now proceed with the Q&A session, please.
- Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Chairman, Ajcon Global
Yeah, I am Ashok Ajmera. Sir, compliments to you. In one of the recent meetings, I said about
our operating profit, we are capable of crossing ₹1,10,000 crore. Now, exactly that same figure
I said and you have achieved it, complements for that. Phenomenal number, good growth in
spite of little difficult time in both deposit side and as well as credit side. Having said that sir, I
have got a couple of questions, some observations, and some data points. One is that, on the
credit growth, like we have been maintaining last year that our target was 15%-16% and I think
a quarter back, I had only had raised this point that, we have achieved only 8% I think till
December, 8.2% or something. How are we going to achieve it and our confidence was that
yes, we have got a strong pipeline, and definitely we will try and achieve the given target, but
finally it came down to 12 point something. So, on that, I mean, what has gone wrong just in 2-
3 months that as against our targeted numbers, which was very good, encouraging and good
pipeline in spite of that also we couldn't achieve that number? My second question is that all the
TV channels are streaming that net profit of State Bank is down by 10%. Now, they are just
looking at Q4 of ₹20,698 crores and now ₹18,643 crores. If you look at it, the operating profit
has gone up by almost 9%. So, but because of the higher provisioning in this quarter, this net
profit and they got the chance to say that SBI profit has gone down, could we not have used
some of that buffer provision which we have got more than ₹30,300 or ₹30,500 crores something
out of that and what was the need of almost about this ₹6000 crores of provision in this quarter
itself which has given the opportunity for others to say that the profits are down though it is not
actually, in fact.
So, this is the second of my observation and your response on that. Thirdly, sir, if you look at
the segment wise results, there is a very deep variation. There is a strong variation in segment
numbers, the treasury numbers are haywire from ₹891 crores to few thousand crores and
wholesale banking, retail banking, the numbers have gone down by huge few thousand crores.
So, is there any change in classification because segment also gives some impression that how
is the bank is moving in which direction and under which segment? So, if you look at it, there
are quite large variation in that. So, on that also, if you can throw some light on that, that is there
a change in the method of calculation and lastly, you only have said that now another 50 bps
reduction may come. Some people are saying even 75 bps, and we have got a strong
investment book. So, do we expect huge bumper profits on the treasury account this year in
FY26, which may take up our bottom line also to a great extent. What do you say? I mean, what
colour you would give to your treasury operations both in the trading profit as well as the profit
because of the MTM, part of which comes to the profit, but AFS goes to the reserve, but still
what we expect into FY26 because of that rate cut?
− Mr. C S Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India
Thank you, Mr. Ajmera for the compliments and also the critical questions which you have
raised. Yes, we did give guidance last year, not guidance, we expected credit growth to be 14%
to 16%. In the Q2 guidance, I have said this and in Q3, I moderated that to the lower end of
14% to 16%. So, obviously we expected the year to close at 14%. If you see, most of the
segments in the presentation it is shown on slide 16, which shows that in many segments we
have done well except in the corporate. Corporate is a bulky and chunky credit, and we have
had an unusual prepayment in that segment. So, while we have had a good pipeline, which I
mentioned earlier also. Even now, we have around ₹3.4 lakh crore pipeline in the corporate
side, the unanticipated prepayment definitely had impacted us. It is nothing to do with any of
the segments not doing well. Many of the large central PSUs have utilized their equity funding
to deleverage, and that we could not cover in the short tenure of one quarter. So, that is the
major reason. Otherwise, we still have the visibility on the corporate side and that is the reason
while we are not saying that it would be 14% to 16%, but 12% to 13% is quite possible while the
industry is growing less than 12%. This is on the credit growth side.
On the net profit, I think, the numbers have to be understood by everyone, but our focus is
always to strengthen our balance sheet, and also create a consistency in our performance. It is
not about one quarter we try to ensure, but our preference is that, if any costs are visualized, let
us take them upfront. If you have seen it is not only this time, last year, ₹7000 crores of pension
provision we have taken in one quarter. We could have taken it in four quarters, I think that was
permitted. So, front loading the cost has always been our strategy and you are right, I think the
ideal way of looking at it is the 12 months performance and an aggregate basis, and in many
parameters, we have done extremely well.
In terms of RoE guidance, we still stick to it. So, we didn't want to show that we can make the
similar profit what we have made, when we know for sure these costs are likely to happen. So,
some front-loading of provisions have happened definitely that has resulted in this.
Moderation in treasury yields definitely would help the markets to perform better and I think our
treasury will do, while we are not willing to give any guidance on this. We believe that with the
rate cut cycle kicking in, the yields will definitely moderate, providing an opportunity for us both
on the MTM side as well as on the trading profit, but we will be a little more objective in terms
of any guidance on the treasury side. Thank you. You asked something about segment wise
volatility.
- Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Chairman, Ajcon Global
Yeah, because you see in treasury operations income from ₹843 crores to ₹8,891 crores,
corporate okay 74 to 84, but retail banking from ₹17,311 to ₹9,325. So, either we remove giving
segment wise numbers only, if they are not relevant or we do some working which is consistent.
− Mr. C S Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India
We will ensure that.
- Ms. Saloni Narayan - Deputy Managing Director (Finance), State Bank of India
We will have a look Mr. Ajmera.
- Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Chairman, Ajcon Global
Yeah, please. Alright. Thank you. Thank you, Sir.
- Ms. Mahrukh Adajania – Executive Director (Equity Research), Nuvama
So, Sir, I had a couple of questions. Firstly, on the provisioning, if you see the breakdown of
provisions, then there is other provision of ₹16 billion or so. So, what is that about because it
looks too big for that line item, so maybe there is some one-off there? That's my first question.
And then on asset quality, so when I go through your movement of NPLs, there are some banks
that have seen recovery from a very big account, right and it's visible in their recovery line. So,
maybe it was written-off for you, I don't know, but we don't see any recovery from the movement
of NPLs of a large account, and that large account, the lenders are public. So, you are one of
the largest lenders there. So, it was not a recovery, it is transferred to NARCL. So, I am talking
about that account where would that have been booked because other banks have disclosed
where it's booked and you know roughly how much has been booked from there and where?
So, that's my second question.
And my third question is on employee expenses. I am not talking about the pension provisions,
I am not talking about the provisioning of benefit part, but in employee expenses, the actual
wage cost also looks higher sequentially this time. So, how do we budget or how do we like
forecast wage cost for next year, YoY of course for the full year it's 6% growth, but just in the
fourth quarter the wage cost?
So, those are my questions.
- Mr. C S Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India
Let me first answer the wage cost. I think Q4 we take a lot of provisions. The PLI and many
things which are added to the staff expense are not in the earlier quarters. It will appear only in
the fourth quarter.
- Ms. Mahrukh Adajania – Executive Director (Equity Research), Nuvama
6% growth is next year also, right?
- Mr. C S Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India
Yes.
On the account which you mentioned, though, we don't talk about specific accounts, but I think
the accounting can be mentioned by us.
- Mr. Rana Ashutosh Kumar Singh – Managing Director (Risk, Compliance and
Stressed Assets Resolution Group), State Bank of India
So, without naming the account you mentioned that everybody knows, roughly ₹3,300 was the
component we got, and ₹500 crores plus roughly went to NPA reduction, you can see it will
come in the recovery, remaining 85% essentially is the treasury income, as RBI circular which
came on 29th March.
- Ms. Mahrukh Adajania – Executive Director (Equity Research), Nuvama
Sorry, sorry?
- Mr. Rana Ashutosh Kumar Singh – Managing Director (Risk, Compliance and
Stressed Assets Resolution Group), State Bank of India
So, 500 crores, roughly, 15% will come into NPA reduction, recovery you can see that number
in the NPA reduction. The remaining will be on the SR revaluation which circular came in the
last week of March, that will go in the treasury side.
- Ms. Mahrukh Adajania – Executive Director (Equity Research), Nuvama
On the other income side and has anything been booked into the NII, no?
- Mr. Rana Ashutosh Kumar Singh – Managing Director (Risk, Compliance and
Stressed Assets Resolution Group), State Bank of India
No, 500 crores will not go into NII. It will go into the reduction.
- Ms. Mahrukh Adajania – Executive Director (Equity Research), Nuvama
Got it. Got it.
- Mr. C S Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India
Because it was a fully provided account. So, it will impact the provisions and the SRs we used
to hold that ₹1. So, subsequently, on 29th March, RBI has given a clarification that if you have
SRs which are governed guaranteed by the government guarantee, I mean backed by the
government guarantee, we can revalue. So, you see in our global market, I mean our treasury
profit, the revaluation profit also is shown there. Some of the recovery related to what your
account you are talking about also is appearing there.
- Ms. Mahrukh Adajania – Executive Director (Equity Research), Nuvama
Got it, and how much would that be ballpark?
- Mr. C S Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India
We will give you that.
- Ms. Mahrukh Adajania – Executive Director (Equity Research), Nuvama
Okay, okay. And sir, the ₹16 billion of other provisions?
- Mr. C S Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India
Where is that ₹16 billion in the provision?
- Ms. Mahrukh Adajania – Executive Director (Equity Research), Nuvama
There is other provision, maybe I'm getting the figure wrong but yeah. So, if you look at the
breakdown of provision, you have loan loss and then you have standard and then you have
other provisions as well. So, is it related to just loans or something else?
- Mr. C S Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India
Yeah, this is the ₹1,636 crores, right in the Q4.
 Ms. Mahrukh Adajania – Executive Director (Equity Research), Nuvama
Yes, yes.
- Mr. C S Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India
Yeah, these are other provisions. Any clarity on that?
- Ms. Saloni Narayan - Deputy Managing Director (Finance), State Bank of India
Other provisions, basically they have increased because provision for other receivables and
contingent liabilities include ₹700 cores of CDS based PLI.
- Mr. C S Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India
This is again PLI related. For the employee provisions.
- Ms. Saloni Narayan - Deputy Managing Director (Finance), State Bank of India
Yeah. It has nothing to do with loans.
- Ms. Mahrukh Adajania – Executive Director (Equity Research), Nuvama
Okay, okay. That helps. Thank you very much.
- Mr. Manoj Alimchandani, Participant
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity, couple of questions. Before that, excellent results, excellent
₹1,10,000 crores operating profit, excellent asset quality, growth, the whole board deserves a
great, great party, yes, and not only from the analyst, but also from the capital market, stock
market. Now, couple of questions, one is the clarification now that I'll come to later. First is the
foreign branches growth is much higher than domestic by a couple of percentage points. Now,
how sustainable is it? And because we often link the growth with the GDP and CapEx cycle
now, which are the countries where the foreign branches growth is higher than domestic growth
because we have a widest network of foreign branches operation if you can highlight that and
also the outlook in the year ahead because there is a transformation in the economy on foreign
economy, particularly?
Second is our valuation. We have often talked about valuation and of course we are among the
very, very undervalued bank and compared to the run up in the Bank Nifty at the highest and
others are going much higher, we deserve maybe a valuation of ₹1200, if not ₹1,000
mmediately based on operating profit and the numbers. Now one clarification, most of the
analysts and databases, they look at valuation basically not in terms of P/E ratio, but in terms
of P/B right. Now, when we look at our slide here, slide 10, the valuation per book value per
share and the book value per share in money control which claims to be among the top 10
capital market websites in the world in terms of unique visitors and viewers, there is a big
discrepancy and we feel money control as far number is correct they talk about price to book of
1.57, and here slide 10, book value per share. It shows historic book value based on last year.
Today, we are 2. Of course, it needs to be updated with the current one. I would like to know
how you calculate because when people compare all the banks, they go for money control book
value per share. We can just see from mobile on the way itself I was reading it and seeing it
just for chance how can the book value be below 400 for FY24? So, I would like you to clarify
here and now, because bank analyst will just prepare the report today evening or maybe
tomorrow morning and I wonder how different ones will calculate and they need not take from
this slide it is very, very important. Next is, we mentioned about this resolution for ₹30,000
crores. I wonder it is enabling or all the banks now are raising money, huge money is coming
private banks and public sector banks, almost all public sector banks are raising money. Even
the private ones they are going for accelerated raising of QIPs and all. So, what is the thought
process on it? Are we going to raise the money equity seriously, because we don't require, as
per our capital adequacy and often this has impact on valuations also and it should be at the
right price. So, your thought process is it only enabling or we are looking at it seriously, and of
course the bank, what steps the bank will take to ensure it's at the right valuation, and with this
all the best. I hope particularly as some point was discussed this year what is coming now
comes often we say once in 10 years treasury income there will be a lot of opportunities for
treasury team and I hope they are agile as usual, and to see that we will break records in terms
of net profit also, I wonder if we will cross ₹1,00,000 crore net profits only from contribution by
the treasury team. Thanks, and wish you all the best for the coming year. Look forward to the
detailed reply to the question which you always do as usual. Thanks.
- Mr. C S Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India
Thank you. Thank you very much.
- Mr. Manoj Alimchandani, Participant
My name is Manoj Alim Chandani.
- Mr. C S Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India
Yeah, of course I know. Thank you. So, three questions and one observation. Of course,
treasury gains, we hope that treasury continues to perform well, and the foreign branches I
request Mr. Rama Mohan to respond on your question and I will supplement after his response.
Similarly, price to book value I request our team who is sitting in the audience to clarify that
position.
I will start with my response related to this resolution, it's not ₹30,000 crores, it is ₹25,000 crores,
enabling resolution, for equity raising. This resolution, of course, as you notice that every year,
we take this, and our effort is to balance our growth requirements and also the need for
augmenting the CET 1 capital. You are right, today we don't need growth capital. We mentioned
that with 14.2% capital adequacy, we have enough firepower to cover ₹8 lakh crore credit
growth. So, we don't need immediately in terms of the CRAR requirement for credit growth. But
we still feel that if there is an opportunity to raise the equity capital, we will definitely access the
market. The timing is uncertain. As you said, we need to get the right value. While we cannot
time the market absolutely, but we will look for an opportune moment and we always, in the
beginning of the year, take enabling resolution so that we have an ample time to plan our equity
raising if needed, and the foreign offices, Rama you can respond.
- Mr. Rama Mohan Rao Amara - Managing Director (IB, Global Markets and
Technology), State Bank of India
On the IBG side, I think your observation is correct , we grew faster. Traditionally, we have that
ability to play a complementary role to domestic. So, whenever we feel like domestic growth is
slightly lower, we can always ramp up the IBG growth or the International Banking growth
because we use the three levers evenly like we have exposure to trade finance, we have
exposure to the local corporate, whether in US or UK, etc., well rated corporates most of them
are listed entities and their debt is also available in the market. We can always pick up and of
course we also cater to the larger Indian companies which want to raise ECBs. In fact, if you
see, like while traditionally all the three components are equally balanced 33%-34%, we had a
slight uptick in India linked loan where in second-half of last year we have seen a higher demand
from the Indian corporate for raising ECBs because of the cost arbitrage even on a fully hedged
basis their cost was slightly better rated companies they had a cost advantage compared to
rupee lending. So, this is very, I mean, we always look at the opportunity. Whenever there is
a need, we can ramp up or whenever we don't need, we can ramp down. That is the ability of
the IBG portfolio.
- Mr. C S Setty – Chairman, State Bank of India
Yeah. So, in terms of the local credit, what you see here, it is predominantly coming from the
markets in US, and a little bit from Bahrain. Bahrain, of course, is not local credit, but across
the UAE and other jurisdiction. But local credit that is India related, is essentially ECB, External
Commercial Borrowings. We park those assets in the branches where the advantage of cost of
funds is there.
We are, also, extensively using the Gift City now to because of the tax benefits as well as Gift
City’s ability to raise the resources also has improved. So, predominantly the local loans are in
the US and the ECBs are in the Gift City, Hong Kong, and DIFC Dubai. These are the
jurisdictions where we are parking. Anything else we left out? Book value is most important.
Price to book, right?
- Ms. Saloni Narayan - Deputy Managing Director (Finance), State Bank of India
How we have calculated is, first of all it is for the standalone banking business and the net worth
divided by number of shares, that's how we calculate. The net worth is ₹3,89,071 crore and the
number of shares is ₹892.46 crore, that is how we arrived at this 435.95. Also, this is also
adjusted for the revaluation reserves. That is the methodology that we have